Boy what are you
shut up
Boss, what is he?
How dare you speak to you in such a tone
Hurry up and sign the apology
Otherwise, my Dong family can't tolerate you.
Yes
Sir?
I'm sorry, okay?
Take your daughter and go
Mr. and little girl's urgency
I heard that Mr. can cure
I hope Mr. can help.
I just want you to know that I can cure
But I won't cure
Why because
My mother's name is Dong Yufen
What is your mother's name Dong Yufen?
He said that your father is Xianggong Qin
It's rare for you to remember this name
In fact, your grandfather has been working hard for that year
Just regret
Our Dong family shouldn't treat your parents like this
Does regret work?
Do you regret that my dad will come back to life?
What? Your father died?
It is the manual hand of your Dong family.
Pretending to be confused now
That's not possible.
Our Dong family can't kill you, right?
I saw with my own eyes that Dong Beidou led people to do it
Can this be fake?
It must have an engine
Take me back and ask
By the way, what about your mother?
I want to meet him.
Forget it, take your daughter and go
I have a grudge against you Dong Jiang
Help me with a word
The countdown to the demise of the Dong family
Let's go